zeroknots

high

# uxdController isn't using safeTransfer for ERC20 Transfers

## Summary
When handling ERC20 based user deposits, the UXDController isn't using safeTransfer/safeTransferFrom.

## Vulnerability Detail
UXPController.mint() function solely relies on a revert of the ERC20 contract. Should UXP Protocol in the future use ERC20 contracts that fail silently or return (bool false) when a transaction fails, this could result lost funds to the protocol.


ERC20 https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20
> The transferFrom method is used for a withdraw workflow, allowing contracts to transfer tokens on your behalf. [...] The function **SHOULD** throw unless the _from account has deliberately authorized the sender of the message via some mechanism.

ERC20 standard does not enforce that transferFrom() throws / reverts, if the transfer amount exceeds an account's balance.  For example the LDO or  minime Token implementation does not throw or revert.

## Impact
High.

Loss of funds

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L195-L200


### Exploit Proof of Concept:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/script/ERC20TransferExploit.sol#L118-L149

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use SafeERC20 Wrappers. 
Wrappers around ERC20 operations that throw on failure (when the token contract returns false). Tokens that return no value (and instead revert or throw on failure) are also supported, non-reverting calls are assumed to be successful. To use this library you can add a using `SafeERC20 for ERC20; `statement to your contract, which allows you to call the safe operations as `token.safeTransfer(…​)`, etc.
