eyexploit

high

# _mint() can brake the controller contract

## Summary
`_mint()` function will break the controller contract mint functionality, if the `newMintCap ` set by the owner is less than the total mintAmount in `UXDToken.sol`. 

## Vulnerability Detail
UXDToken is a standard [ERC-20](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20) token with mint and burn functions controlled by the UXDController contract. There is a validation in token contract, which ensure that localMintAmount is always less than or equal to localMintCap. 
```solidity
if (localMintAmount > localMintCap) {
          revert LocalMintCapExceeded(localMintCap, localMintAmount);
}
```
Owner can unknowingly set the mintCap for tokens to less than the current total mintAmount in `setLocalMintCap()` function, which in result will break the controller mint functionality by denying to mint more tokens. However, owner can mitigate this by recalling `setLocalMintCap()` function with new cap value. But by the time the owner realizes it, it can have a drastic effect. 

## Impact
If the protocol stops minting UXD and not receiving any USD Coin (say for this example), it may not be able to maintain its delta-neutral position using derivatives. The delta-neutral position is achieved by offsetting positive and negative price movements of the underlying assets, and if the protocol is not receiving any USDC, it may not have sufficient assets to maintain this balance. This could lead to losses for the protocol and potentially impact the value of the UXD.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDToken.sol#L97
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDToken.sol#L103-L105

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Modify , 
from 

```solidity

    function setLocalMintCap(uint256 newMintCap) external onlyOwner {
        require(newMintCap > 0, "Zero Amount");
        localMintCap = newMintCap;

        emit LocalMintCapChanged(msg.sender, localMintCap);
    }
```

to 
```solidity

    function setLocalMintCap(uint256 newMintCap) external onlyOwner {
        require(newMintCap >= localMintAmount, "invalid amount");
        localMintCap = newMintCap;

        emit LocalMintCapChanged(msg.sender, localMintCap);
    }
```