pwnforce

medium

# UXD Protocol DOS BY FRONTRUNNING UXDController INITIALIZE() FUNCTION

## Summary
There are a number of contracts which inherit UUPSUpgradeable.sol, namely; UXDController.sol, PerpDepository.sol and RageDnDepository.sol.

All these contracts are deployed using a proxy pattern whereby the implementation contract is used by the proxy contract for all its logic. The proxy contract will make delegate calls to the implementation contract. This helps to facilitate future upgrades by pointing the proxy contract to a new and upgraded implementation contract.

However, if the implementation contract is left uninitialized, it is possible for any user to gain ownership of the onlyOwner role in the implementation contract for UXDController.sol, PerpDepository.sol and RageDnDepository.sol. Once the user has ownership they are able to perform an upgrade of the implementation contract’s logic contract and delegate call into any arbitrary contract, allowing them to self-destruct the proxy’s implementation contract. Consequently, this will make all UXDController.sol, PerpDepository.sol and RageDnDepository.sol interactions useless. These contracts could not be upgraded anymore, because all the upgrade logic is contained in them.
[Wormhole](https://medium.com/immunefi/wormhole-uninitialized-proxy-bugfix-review-90250c41a43a) is a good example of a contract that forgot to secure the initialize() function.

## Vulnerability Detail
Consider the following scenario:

- UXD Protocol deploys their contracts using their deployment scripts. These deployment scripts leave the implementation contracts uninitialized. Specifically the contracts in question are UXDController.sol, PerpDepository.sol and RageDnDepository.sol.
- This allows any arbitrary user to call initialize() on the UXDController.sol, PerpDepository.sol and RageDnDepository.sol implementation contracts.
- Once a user has gained control over implementation contracts, they can bypass the x check used to restrict upgrades to the onlyOwner role.
- The malicious user then calls UUPSUpgradeable.upgradeToAndCall(). The new implementation contract then points to their own contract containing a self-destruct call in its fallback function.
- As a result, the implementation contract will be self-destructed due to the user-controlled delegate call, preventing all future calls to the UXDController.sol, PerpDepository.sol and RageDnDepository.sol.

## Impact
Exploiting this bug makes the whole UXD Protocol useless. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L76

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L98

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/rage-trade/RageDnDepository.sol#L63

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
In order to prevent attackers or any other person other than the proxy to initialise the implementation contract, we have two options:

1. The guidelines are now to make it impossible for anyone to run initialize on an implementation contract, by adding an empty constructor with the initializer modifier. So the implementation contract gets initialized automatically upon deployment.   
2. Call special function _disableInitializers inside the constructor:
```solidity
constructor() {
    _disableInitializers();
} 

```