carrot

high

# Admin can abuse allowance to steal user funds

## Summary
Missing allowance check in function `depositInsurance()` of `PerpDepository.sol` allows admin to steal funds from users who have given approval to the  depository contract by using the `depositInsurance()` and `withdrawInsurance()` functions.
## Vulnerability Detail
Generally, admin-access-related vulnerabilities are classified as low / out of scope vulnerabilities. However, in this case, the exploit allows the admin to drain the wallets of the user even if they aren't participating in the protocol, as long as they have given the depository contract an allowance. This vulnerability is classified as High since admin-access-related issues should never affect user balances outside of the protocol.

The contract `PerpDepository.sol` has an insurance fund that allows the settlement of funding rates. Positive funding rate increases the insurance fund and negative funding rates decrease it, and the admin (owner) has two functions `depositInsurance()` and `withdrawInsurance()`, to increase/decrease this insurance fund.

**depositInsurance()**:
```solidity
function depositInsurance(uint256 amount, address from)
        external
        nonReentrant
        onlyOwner
    {
        if (amount == 0) {
            revert ZeroAmount();
        }
        uint256 allowance = IERC20(insuranceToken()).allowance(
            from,
            address(this)
        );
        if (allowance < amount) {
            revert NotApproved(allowance, amount);
        }

        insuranceDeposited += amount;

        IERC20(insuranceToken()).transferFrom(from, address(this), amount);
        IERC20(insuranceToken()).approve(address(vault), amount);
        vault.deposit(insuranceToken(), amount);

        emit InsuranceDeposited(msg.sender, from, amount);
    }
```

The function `depositInsurance()` takes a parameter `address from` and withdraws USDC from the `from` address. However, this means that if a user (victim) interested in the rebalancing mechanism ever gives infinite allowance to the depository contract, the admin can exploit this approval and withdraw all USDC from the victim's wallet and add it to the insurance fund. The admin can then immediately call `withdrawInsurance()` to withdraw these stolen assets to their own account. This affects ALL the balance of the victim, and not just their investment amount in the UXD protocol.
## Impact
Complete drain of USDC from victim wallets
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L179-L202
## Tool used
Foundry

## Recommendation
This can be mitigated in 2 ways:
1. Implement a local allowance check for the admin.  `owner` address should have an allowance of `amount` from the wallet `from`. This allowance must be updated after transfers (similar to normal allowance handling).
2. Remove the `from` address input and move tokens from the admin wallet directly.