peanuts

medium

# Protocol can mint UXD to unknown addresses which results in a loss of funds

## Summary

If mint() is called and receiver is an unknown / blackholed address, then UXD will be minted to a useless address and the collateral cannot be redeemed because there will be no UXD to burn.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function mint() takes in a whitelisted asset from the user and mints an appropriate amount of UXD to the receiver in return. A user can use his collateral to mint UXD for a receiver, which can be himself or another person.

    function mint(
        address assetToken,
        uint256 assetAmount,
        uint256 minAmountOut,
        address receiver
    ) external nonReentrant returns (uint256) {

        InternalMintParams memory mintParams = InternalMintParams({
            assetToken: assetToken,
            assetAmount: assetAmount,
            minAmountOut: minAmountOut,
            receiver: receiver,
            depository: depository

The receiver parameter is passed on to mintParams.receiver which is used in redeemable.mint()

        redeemable.mint(mintParams.receiver, amountOut);

However, this receiver parameter is not checked at any point. Only address(0) is checked in the OpenZeppellin's ERC20 _mint function istself. If the receiver is accidentally typed or some other blackholed contract, then the UXD will be wasted and the collateral fund will be locked. 

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/d59306bd06a241083841c2e4a39db08e1f3722cc/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20.sol#L252

## Impact

Loss of collateral funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L177-L182

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The parameter receiver should have a sanity check for contract / EOA existence. 