Breeje

medium

# Unsafe call to `ERC20::transfer` can result in stuck fund / fund Loss for user

## Summary

In `_redeem` method of `UXDController.sol` contract, transfer function is used at the end to transfer the Token to user without any check on the return value. If failed (which can potentially happen for lot of reasons), User will end up burning the Redeemable Token and will loss his asset forever.

## Vulnerability Detail

The problem is that the `transfer` function from ERC20 returns a bool to indicate if the transfer was a success or not. As there are some tokens that do not revert on failure but instead return `false`.

`transfer` function takes a hard dependency on gas costs by forwarding a fixed amount of gas: 2300. But Gas cost can change in the future and that can potentially led to failure of transfer.

## Proof of Concept

Considering a condition where `transfer` returns false:

1. Alice called the `redeem` method after approving Redeemable token.
2. `redeem` internally call `_redeem` method.
3. Redeemable tokens are burnt.
4. `transfer` fails and returns false which is not handled.
5. `redeem` returns `amountOut` without any revert and user's Redeemable Tokens are burnt without getting any Asset Tokens in return.

## Impact

User will end up burning the Redeemable token without getting the asset token.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: core/UXDController.sol

337:     IERC20(redeemParams.assetToken).transfer(redeemParams.intermediary, amountOut);

```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L337)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use OpenZeppelin’s `SafeERC20` library and change `transfer` to `safeTransfer`.