Breeje

medium

# Gas griefing/theft is possible on unsafe external call

## Summary

This comment `/// @dev Can only be called by governance` in the `transferETH` method of `UXDTimelockController` and its design show that `transferETH` is usually called by governance. This opens up a new attack-vector in the contract and it is gas griefing on the ETH transfer.

## Vulnerability Detail

`(bool success, )` is actually the same as writing `(bool success, bytes memory data)` which basically means that even though the `data` is omitted it doesn’t mean that the contract does not handle it. Actually, the way it works is the `bytes data` that was returned from the `to` will be copied to memory. Memory allocation becomes very costly if the payload is big, so this means that if a `to` implements a fallback function that returns a huge payload, then the `msg.sender` of the transaction, in our case the governance, will have to pay a huge amount of gas for copying this payload to memory.

## Impact

Malicious actor can launch a gas griefing attack on a governance. Since griefing attacks have no economic incentive for the attacker and it also requires relayers it should be Medium severity.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: governance/UXDTimelockController.sol

42:     (bool success,) = to.call{value: amount}("");

```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/governance/UXDTimelockController.sol#L42)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use a low-level assembly `call` since it does not automatically copy return data to memory. Here, the last 2 arguments "out" and "outsize" has value zero which makes sure that the return data is not copied.

```solidity

    bool success;
    assembly {
        success := call(gas, to, amount, 0, 0, 0)
    }
    
```
