0xmuxyz

high

# Previous initial team members who resigned team/company after UXDCouncilToken was initially issued can abuse the rights of UXDCouncilToken

## Summary
Previous initial team members who resigned team/company after UXDCouncilToken was initially issued can abuse the rights of UXDCouncilToken.

## Vulnerability Detail
According to the [documentation](https://docs.uxd.fi/uxdprogram-ethereum/governance/contracts/uxdcounciltoken), the UXDCouncilToken is initially issued to only team members like this:
>The UXDCouncilToken is an ERC20 token that represents the voting power in protocol governance. It is issued internally to team members who can vote on protocol changes on the dev net.


In the current implementation, only UXDCouncilToken holders (= `msg.sender` ) themself can burn the UXDCouncilTokens they has by calling the `burn()` function.
[UXDCouncilToken.sol#L21-L23](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/governance/UXDCouncilToken.sol#L21-L23)
```solidity
    function burn(uint256 amount) external {
        _burn(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```

However, if some initial team members resign the team/company after UXDCouncilToken was initially issued, they will be still 
 able to keep UXDCouncilTokens in their wallet unless they call the `burn()` function by themself. Besides them, nobody can burn their UXDCouncilTokens even the owner (of UXDCouncilToken contract).

## Impact
This may lead to a bad situation that previous initial team members who resigned team/company after UXDCouncilToken was initially issued can abuse the rights of UXDCouncilToken.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/governance/UXDCouncilToken.sol#L21-L23

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding three things to the `burn()` function like below in order to that `owner` can burn UXDCouncilTokens that was allocated (issued) to some initial team member who resigned the team/company:
- Adding the `"holder"` as a parameter to the `burn()` function.
- Adding an `onlyOwner` modifier to the `burn()` function.
- Using `"holder"` in the `burn()`function  instead of `"msg.sender"`
```solidity
function burn(address holder, uint256 amount) external onlyOwner { /// @audit - Add "holder" as a parameter + Add a "onlyOwner" modifier
    _burn(holder, amount);   /// @audit - Using "holder" instead of "msg.sender"
}
```
