tsvetanovv

medium

# ERC20 API: An Attack Vector on the Approve methods

## Summary
This is an attack on the API itself, not on any particular implementations, so all conformant implementations are potentially vulnerable.  The attack uses the methods "approve" defined by ERC20.  Among other things, ERC20 defines the following two methods to be implemented by every Ethereum Token smart contract:
```solidity
function approve(address _spender, uint256 _value)
returns (bool success)
```
Allow _spender to withdraw from your account, multiple times, up to the _value amount. If this function is called again it overwrites the current allowance with _value.

Apart from updating the allowance, the ERC-20 proposal does not specify the intended semantics of multiple calls to approve. 

## Vulnerability Detail
**Here is a possible attack scenario:**
* Alice allows Bob to transfer N of Alice's tokens (N>0)  by calling the approve method on a Token smart contract, passing the Bob's address and N as the method arguments
* After some time, Alice decides to change from N to M (M>0) the number of Alice's tokens Bob is allowed to transfer, so she calls the approve method again, this time passing the Bob's address and M as the method arguments
* Bob notices the Alice's second transaction before it was mined and quickly sends another transaction that calls the transferFrom method to transfer N Alice's tokens somewhere
* If the Bob's transaction will be executed before the Alice's transaction, then Bob will successfully transfer N Alice's tokens and will gain an ability to transfer another M tokens
* Before Alice noticed that something went wrong, Bob calls the transferFrom method again, this time to transfer M Alice's tokens.
So, an Alice's attempt to change the Bob's allowance from N to M (N>0 and M>0) made it possible for Bob to transfer N+M of Alice's tokens, while Alice never wanted to allow so many of her tokens to be transferred by Bob.

## Impact
The attack described above is possible because the approve method overwrites the current allowance regardless of whether the spender already used it or not, so there is no way to increase or decrease allowance by certain value atomically, unless token owner is a smart contract, rather than an account.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/UXDProtocol/uxd-evm/blob/develop/contracts/governance/UXDGovernor.sol#L193
https://github.com/UXDProtocol/uxd-evm/blob/develop/contracts/governance/UXDTimelockController.sol#L51
https://github.com/UXDProtocol/uxd-evm/blob/develop/contracts/integrations/rage-trade/RageDnDepository.sol#L108
https://github.com/UXDProtocol/uxd-evm/blob/develop/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol
```solidity
UXDGovernor.sol:
193: function approveERC20(

UXDTimelockController.sol:
51: function approveERC20(address token, address spender, uint256 amount) external onlySelf {

RageDnDepository.sol:
108: IERC20(assetToken).approve(address(vault), assetAmount);

PerpDepository.sol:
198: IERC20(insuranceToken()).approve(address(vault), amount);
286: IERC20(assetToken).approve(address(vault), amount);
394: IERC20(quoteToken).approve(address(vault), quoteAmount);
627: IERC20(quoteToken).approve(address(vault), amount);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I suggest the following method to be added to ERC20 API:
```solidity
function approve(
  address _spender,
  uint256 _currentValue,
  uint256 _value)
returns (bool success)
```
If current allowance for _spender is equal to _currentValue, then overwrite it with _value and return true, otherwise return false.
This change alone is enough to address the attack vector.


More [information](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YLPtQxZu1UAvO9cZ1O2RPXBbT0mooh4DYKjA_jp-RLM/edit).