Bahurum

medium

# Funds can be stolen if non-reverting ERC20 `quoteToken` is used

## Summary
Some ERC20 functions such as `transfer` return a `success` value that is not checked in many places throughout the codebase. This allows in particular funds in `PerpDepository` to be stolen if a non reverting ERC20 is used as `quoteToken`

## Vulnerability Detail
EIP20 states that `transfer` and `transferFrom` SHOULD revert on failure, but does not enforce it. So an ERC20 compliant token does not need to revert on failure. Some tokens on ETH Mainnet do not revert on failure.
While on L2 token implementations are more recent and almost all of them do revert on failure, there could be some implementation that does not.

There are many occurrencies where return value from `transfer` or `transferFrom` is unchecked. This could lead to many issues. 

For example, in `PerpDepository._rebalanceNegativePnlLite()` if `quoteToken.transferFrom()` does not revert on failure, then an attacker can call `rebalanceLite()` with `amount` larger than its own balance of `quoteToken`. `quoteToken.transferFrom()` will fail silently and the contract will deposit into the vault tokens coming from the insurance fund. The attacker will receive `assetTokens`. The insurance fund can be drained this way.

## Impact
While the tokens that the protocol is planning to use revert on failure, if the protocol adds a non-reverting token, this will lead to the insurance fund being stolen

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L615-L628

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OZ SafeERC20 library or make sure that every token added to the protocol reverts when `transfer` and `transferFrom` fail