Udsen

medium

# The protocol heavily depends on admin actions, hence single-step ownership transfer is dangerous

## Summary

The **PerpDepository.sol** function heavily depends on the `onlyOwner` admin actions and critical functions of the contract depends on the `onlyOwner` as well. Hence the transfering of ownership should be done in two step rather than in a single step for security purpose.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `transferOwnership(address newOwner)` function calls the super.transferOwnership() function of the **OpenZeppelin OwnableUpgradeable** which only checks for the zero address condition. Hence by mistake an erroneous address can be confirmed as the newOwner.

## Impact

Here the single-step ownership transfer pattern is used. If by mistake an admin provides an incorrect address for the new owner, then none of the `onlyOwner` methods will be callable again. The recommended solution will be to use the two-step ownership transfer pattern. Using the two-step process the new owner will have to first claim the ownership and then the ownership will be transferred to him.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L846-L848

    function transferOwnership(address newOwner) public override(IDepository, OwnableUpgradeable) onlyOwner {
        super.transferOwnership(newOwner);
    }

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use **Ownable2Step.sol** of OpenZeppelin and use the two-step ownership transfer pattern, in place of **OpenZeppelin OwnableUpgradeable**.