HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# PerpDepository: rebalance function is unusable with sqrtPriceLimitX96 parameter unequal 0 (slippage protection cannot be enabled)

## Summary
The `PerpDepository.rebalance` function internally calls `PerpDepository._rebalanceNegativePnlWithSwap`.
The user can pass the `sqrtPriceLimitX96` parameter which should provide a way to protect against slippage.

However the `sqrtPriceLimitX96` parameter is unusable and cannot be set to a value unequal zero.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `PerpDepository._rebalanceNegativePnlWithSwap` function, first a perpetual order is placed:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L492-L497

This is a trade in direction quote -> base (USDC -> WETH).

Then the uniswap swap is performed with the same `sqrtPriceLimitX96` parameter:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L499-L506

This is a trade in direction base -> quote (WETH -> USDC).

So the same `sqrtPriceLimitX96` parameter is used for trades in both directions.

So when it is set to a sensible value for one trade (e.g. below the current price), it is an invalid value for the other trade (which needs a value above the price) and vice versa.

Therefore the only valid value that it can be set to is zero which disables the slippage protection.

## Impact
The `sqrtPriceLimitX96` parameter must be set to zero and slippage protection cannot be enabled.

## Code Snippet
The code snippet shows how both trades in different directions are executed after one another with the same `sqrtPriceLimitX96` parameter.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L478-L507

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use separate price limit parameters for the perp order and the uniswap swap.