yixxas

medium

# Funds that are meant to be used for insurance can be maliciously used to pay for rebalance instead.

## Summary
Funds that are set aside to be used to pay for insurance can be triggered to pay for rebalance instead. In fact, any users who have pre-approved the contract to spend their tokens can be used to pay for rebalance.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is possible as `_rebalanceNegativePnlWithSwap()` and `_rebalanceNegativePnlLite()` are public functions callable by anyone, with the `account` parameter freely inputtable. `transferFrom` is used to take tokens from `account` to pay for rebalance. As a result, any account that approved this contract to spend their tokens can be targetted by anyone to use to pay for the rebalance.

More specifically, in `depositInsurance()`, we see that an `account` must first approve this contract to spend `amount`. This is then sent to the pepertual vault as insurance tokens. It is possible for a malicious attacker to track this approval transaction, and force `account` to pay for rebalance instead.

## Impact
Assets are essentially "stolen" from `account` as their assets can be used in an unintended way by anyone.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L179
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L512
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L626

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is unclear who `account` is supposed to be. We probably should not be allowing `account` to be an arbitrary address when calling rebalance, since it has no access control.
