peanuts

medium

# When depository is unregistered, users cannot withdraw their collateral funds

## Summary

When depository is unregistered, users cannot withdraw their collateral funds when redeem() is called as router.findDepositoryForRedeem() only returns the first depository.

## Vulnerability Detail

Whenever mint() or redeem() is called, the function findDepositoryForRedeem() will be called, which calls the first depository that is registered. 

    function _firstDepositoryForAsset(address assetToken) internal view returns (address) {
       address[] storage depositories = _depositoriesForAsset[assetToken];
        if (depositories.length == 0) {
            revert NotExists(assetToken);
        }
        return depositories[0]; 

A depository can also be unregistered. If a depository is unregistered, it is popped from the _depositoriesForAsset mapping. Users will be unable to redeem their collateral funds because the depository will be non-existent.

The depository can be registered again, but the re-registration will be pretty messy. For example, if a depository is unregistered accidentally and there are 5 depositories in the _depositoriesForAsset[assetToken] array, then for the depository to be registered again, all the other 4 depositories must be unregistered and registered so that the first unregistered depository can be index 0 again. This will cause confusion to many users.

## Impact

Collateral funds will be locked in depository.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L323-L326
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDRouter.sol#L106
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDRouter.sol#L59

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Should check whether all funds are out of the vault before enabling deregistering of depository. Otherwise, should try to choose depository by index instead of always returning the zero depository. That way, if a depository is unregistered for a while, they can be registered back to the same index. 