defsec

medium

# Withdrawal Blockage Due to Removal of Collateral Depositories

## Summary

The owner of a collateralized asset or deposit has the ability to block withdrawals by removing the depositories that hold the collateral. This can have a significant impact on individuals or organizations that have deposited collateral and are unable to access their funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The owner of a collateralized asset or deposit has the ability to block withdrawals by removing the depositories that hold the collateral. This can occur if there is a breach of contract or if the terms of the deposit agreement have not been met.

## Impact

This issue can have a significant impact on individuals or organizations that have deposited collateral and are unable to access their funds due to withdrawal blockage. It can also impact the overall trust and credibility of the institution or platform that facilitates the collateralized deposit.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDRouter.sol#L59

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L323

```solidity
    function unregisterDepository(address depository, address assetToken)
        external
        onlyOwner
    {
        bool foundByAsset = false;
        address[] storage byAsset = _depositoriesForAsset[assetToken];
        if (byAsset.length == 0) {
            revert NotExists(assetToken);
        }
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < byAsset.length; i++) {
            if (byAsset[i] == depository) {
                foundByAsset = true;
                byAsset[i] = byAsset[byAsset.length - 1];
                byAsset.pop();
                break;
            }
        }
        if (!foundByAsset) {
            revert NotExists(assetToken);
        }

        emit DepositoryUnregistered(assetToken, depository);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue, it is recommended that clear and transparent terms of the deposit agreement are established and strictly enforced. According to collateral balance, do not delete to deletion of asset. Also, refund all assets and implement pause functionality to prevent unexcepted behaviour.
