keccak123

medium

# No slippage protection when opening long/short

## Summary

When a long or short position is created in perpetual protocol, a swap in a uniswap is performed. It is possible for the uniswap pool to be manipulated, causing high slippage and loss of value for the user. The UXD perpetual pool integration removes any slippage protection. Comments point to a misunderstanding from the devs.

## Vulnerability Detail

A [comment in PerpDepository](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L352)
> uint256 upperBound = 0; // 0 = no limit, limit set by sqrtPriceLimit

Ironically `sqrtPriceLimit` is set to zero in `_openShort` and `_openLong`, which would indicate that no slippage is set if this value set the slippage limits. But [a comment in perpetual protocol](https://github.com/perpetual-protocol/perp-curie-contract/blob/27ea8e2c4be37d1dd58c1eed3b3cc269d398a091/contracts/ClearingHouse.sol#L425) contradicts the UXD comment
> sqrtPriceLimitX96: X (this is not for slippage protection)

Instead, [another comment in perpetual protocol](https://github.com/perpetual-protocol/perp-curie-contract/blob/27ea8e2c4be37d1dd58c1eed3b3cc269d398a091/contracts/interface/IClearingHouse.sol#L48) describes the true source of slippage protection, which is the `oppositeAmountBound` variable
> when it's set to 0, it will disable slippage protection entirely regardless of exact input or output

Perpetual protocol's ClearingHouse contract confirms [with this line of code](https://github.com/perpetual-protocol/perp-curie-contract/blob/27ea8e2c4be37d1dd58c1eed3b3cc269d398a091/contracts/ClearingHouse.sol#L1226-L1229). If `oppositeAmountBound` is zero, `_checkSlippage` returns without performing any checks. This means a user with a large amount of vUSDC or vETH, even another user with a similar delta neutral position, could sandwich UXD deposits or withdrawals in order to steal value from the swap that has no slippage checks.

## Impact

User loss of value due to lack of slippage protection.

## Code Snippet

The `oppositeAmountBound` value is key to preventing slippage or sandwich attacks and it is set to zero
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L352

The zero value is then provided to perpetual protocol
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/integrations/perp/PerpDepository.sol#L360

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Allow users to set their preferred slippage tolerance or hard code a slippage tolerance similar to the default tolerance found in the Uniswap frontend. Fix the misleading comments that suggest `sqrtPriceLimit` limits slippage.