HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# UXDController: Checking in _redeem function that asset is whitelisted can make it impossible in practice to remove asset from whitelist

## Summary
An asset must be whitelisted in UXDController in order to mint UXD with it or redeem UXD for the asset.
This is since both the `UXDController._mint` and `UXDController._redeem` function check that the asset is whitelisted.

This can make it impossible in practice to remove an asset from the whitelist.

## Vulnerability Detail
Think of this scenario:
An asset was whitelisted and a lot of UXD has been minted with it (say 100 million UXD).
Now you want to un-whitelist the asset such that UXD can no longer be minted with the asset because there is an issue with the asset (e.g. centralization concerns).

The issue is that when the asset is un-whitelisted, there is UXD that can no longer be redeemed. So the circulating UXD supply is effectively backed by less collateral.

So before un-whitelisting the asset, all of the 100 million UXD minted with it must be redeemed.
Obviously this is impractical and makes it very hard in practice to un-whitelist an asset.

## Impact
An asset that was once whitelisted and was used to mint a large amount of UXD can practically not be un-whitelisted.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L238-L244

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L312-L318

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not require that the asset is whitelisted when redeeming UXD.
Only require that the asset is whitelisted when the asset is used to mint UXD.

If for some reason you need to have a whitelist for redeeming UXD, consider implementing a separate whitelist. Such that there is one for minting and one for redeeming.