peanuts

medium

# Delisted asset cannot be redeemed, resulting in asset being stuck in depository

## Summary

A delisted asset cannot be redeemed as the redeem function checks whether the asset is whitelisted. If an asset is whitelisted and is used as collateral to mint UXD, when the asset becomes delisted, users cannot burn their UXD to redeem their collateral. Collateral funds will be locked in the depository.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user interacts with the protocol, mint() is called and collateral is deposited into the depository.

        address depository = router.findDepositoryForDeposit(assetToken, assetAmount);
        collateral.transferFrom(
            account,
            depository,
            assetAmount
        );

Then, mint() calls _mint() which checks whether the collateral asset is whitelisted

        if (!whitelistedAssets[mintParams.assetToken]) {
            revert CtrlNotWhitelisted(mintParams.assetToken);
        }

This is standard as the protocol does not want any random asset to act as collateral. However, in the redeem function, the whitelistedAsset is checked again.

    function _redeem(InternalRedeemParams memory redeemParams)
        internal
        returns (uint256)
    {
        if (!whitelistedAssets[redeemParams.assetToken]) {
            revert CtrlNotWhitelisted(redeemParams.assetToken);
        }

If the asset is still not whitelisted, then the user cannot withdraw their collateral. Protocol must re-enable the whitelist for user to withdraw their collateral, but redeem() shouldn't check for whitelist again because it was already checked in mint(). Even if asset is delisted for any reason, users should still be able to withdraw their collateral.

A hypothetical scenario goes like this: 

1. Alice wants to use WETH as collateral to mint UXD.
2. Alice sees that WETH is whitelisted, so she does the swap and she gets UXD. WETH is being hedged in a depository to maintain its USDC value.
3. Some time passes, and WETH is suddenly flagged for certain reasons (sentimental, pricing issues, forking, DAO hacks). Protocol delists WETH from its whitelisted address. 
4. Alice feels that she doesn't want to hold WETH as collateral anymore as she does not want to take the sentimental risk even though WETH is supposedly maintaining its delta neutral position. Another example could be where WETH price increased exponentially and Alice wants to capitalize on that fact to withdraw her WETH immediately and sell it for a good profit. However, because WETH is delisted, Alice cannot burn her UXD and redeem her WETH.

## Impact

Collateral funds will be locked in contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L194-L199

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L312-L318

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Take out the whitelist check in _redeem()
