chainNue

medium

# `setRedeemable` can break protocol and might have a major migration issue

## Summary
UXDController's `setRedeemable` can break protocol and might facing some migration issue. for example, if user A mint, then governor change `redeemable` contract address, then if user A want to redeem it back, it will failed since the token address is changed. Further more, protocol need to create a migration tools for the old UXD to the new UXD address. If old UXD address is being used in some derivatives protocol, this might raise more issues. 

## Vulnerability Detail
UXD trying to be a decentralized stablecoin, but having the `setRedeemable` function will raise a complicated issue in the future. 

`setRedeemable` function is an `onlyOwner` (governor), which will change the address of `redeemable` storage value. This function can be called many times (since it's not an initializer-like function, and the `redeemable` value is not an immutable). I'm not really understand the main reason why the `redeemable` can be changed many times, but in my opinion changing a stablecoin token address, is hardly to accept.

```solidity
File: UXDController.sol
134:     function setRedeemable(address _redeemable) external onlyOwner {
135:         if (!_redeemable.isContract()) {
136:             revert CtrlAddressNotContract(_redeemable);
137:         }
138:         redeemable = IRedeemable(_redeemable);
139:     }
```

if the `setRedeemable()` function exist to upgrade UXDToken implementation, it's better to use proxy pattern. Having the `setRedeemable` function which can be called multiple times, even with onlyOwner modifier, will raise more issue, like accountability and availability.  

## Impact
If `setRedeemable` is executed and pointing to a new UXDToken implementation, then old UXD token can't be redeemed.

Having a stablecoin with multiple address implementation is not a preferable. If the UXD already being used in many derivative protocol, token migration address (by calling the setRedeemable) might break the accountability and might need a migration protocol. 

Simple case for redeeming:
- user A mint UXD
- governor change redeemable address to new address
- user A can't do redeem, unless UXD create a migration contract, and user A burn the old UXD and get the new UXD.

More case:
- staking the (old) UXD in some derivatives protocol for some months
- governor change redeemable address to new address several times
- when UXD is unstaked user might failed to migrate because there are changes of UXD addresses

other effect is, UXD might lose credibility and open for abuse by governor (with majority of protocol votes) by changing the redeemable (UXD) address multiple times.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-uxd/blob/main/contracts/core/UXDController.sol#L134-L139

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove completely the `setRedeemable()` function and initialize the `redeemable` value in constructor, it's better to keep the UXDToken address `stable` aka fixed (immutable) by set the `redeemable` storage to immutable.

```solidity
File: UXDControllerStorage.sol
12:     /// @notice The token to be minted and burned
13:     IRedeemable public redeemable;
```
to
```solidity
File: UXDControllerStorage.sol
12:     /// @notice The token to be minted and burned
13:     IRedeemable public immutable redeemable;
```
If protocol want to make sure the contract can be changed and upgradable, then use proxy pattern for the UXDToken.
